create a webpage using react for the web-frontend. it should be a simplified version of mermaid.ai. it runs on my raspberry pi 5 in it's own docker container also using GHCR. the backend code should be implemented in python. and the whole build pipeline should make use of github actions. also there should be a webhook in github and a script to automatically download and install the new dockercontainer on the server as soon as a new release has been published.
On the webpage the user should be able to upload and modify *.mmd files (mermaid files) and/or enter the code manually (copy/paste) into a code section of the website. the website should look like the original homepage for mermaid.ai (see first screenshot attached). On the left section there is the code. There should be a button to upload your own mmd file, which you can modify in the code section and save and/or download. On the right side the diagram should be drawn, which can be downloaded/exported as PDF or PNG file. the diagram should be interactive, so that the user can pan (press and hold left mouse key) and zoom (use the mouse wheel). The user should be able to switch between the different diagram types and templates, to see the result immediatly in the diagram section left.

You also should be able to create a new diagram when navigating to the 3 horizontal lines top left or open an existing. The code and diagram will be stored automatically on the server. There is always one mmd file associated to one diagram. the 3rd file attached is an example of the generated diagram, it should have a much better resolution though, when downloading the PNG. the example diagram attached should be the default flowchart, but we should be able to select different diagram types (e.g. class diagram, flowchart, sequence, Gantt, timeline, Kanban, Architecture, Mindmap, Pie) and styles/templates (select the 20 most popular templates), similar to the options you have at mermaid.ai. It should be easily extendable with new diagram types and templates in the future.
Also automatically create testcases and autonomous testing feature (fix issues automatically) and a quality assurance skill, which checks for security vulnaribilities in the codebase and the code quality (should be human readable, use proper patterns, up-to-date libraries) and fixes them automatically (re-runs again until all major issues are fixed).
The whole application should be available in German and English language. Also the user should be able to switch between light mode and dark mode. The contrast of the diagram and code should then change accordingly, so that you can read everything easily. The default mode is 'dark mode'.
Try to use available open source libraries. Implement also a proper logging with a rolling file appender. logfiles are available for max. 2 weeks or up to 40 MB.
the whole application should be available as open source with the appropriate license.
